# ARBIE Receptionist Robot

ARBIE is a receptionist robot capable of very basic interaction:: vision & facial recognition (recognize customers by face); (online) speech detection/synthesis with google-speech/amazon-polly; (offline) hotword detection with Snowboy from Kitt.ai; database access (eg. booking appointments) with keyword voice commands.

Note: This code is not complete and certainly contains bugs. 

## Vision
Facial detection/recognition is done in tensorflow using the Facenet algorithm (https://github.com/davidsandberg/facenet). The algorithm creates a vector-representation of a face image (i.e. face embedding). A multi-layer perceptron is then trained on facenet embeddings to identify the correct person. Labels are obtained by asking for the individual's name. Counter-examples are obtained from the Labelled Faces in the Wild dataset.

## Speech
Online speech recognition is done with Google Speech-to-Text, where user key-words are used to identify the requested task (eg. book appointment, check appointment, fill out a new-user-profile). 

Offline speech detection is done with Snowboy Hotword Detection (https://github.com/Kitt-AI/snowboy). In general this method results in a lot of false positives. For detection, many hotword models run concurrently on many threads. A word is "detected" if the number of models which "heard" the word is statistically large. This is implemented in order to reduce false positives, but does not work well in practice (due to ambient noise, issues when running multiple threads concurrently). 

Online speech synthesis is done with Amazon Polly, where ARBIE can programatically query Amazon Polly for a .mp3 file (i.e. text to speech). This is done, for instance, to get the .mp3 name of a new user, so ARBIE can recall the person by name in future interactions.

## Database
Python's tinydb is used as a database. Currently, user-profiles (eg. name, address, date of birth, etc.) and appointment time slots (eg. this person, this date/time) are stored. Prior to use, new databases should be generated by running /reinitialize_db/create_db_schemas.








